Raindrop.io update - adds Detail view (#2242)
raycast/extensions: extensions/raindrop/CHANGELOG.md

# Raindrop.io Extension Changelog

> ## [Add details view] - 2022-07-13

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Add details view] - 2022-07-14
```

> - Adds option to commands to open a detail view of the bookmark

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds action to open a detail view of the bookmark
```
